going on this is what was on the
president's mind he weighed in last
night with a prediction and nicknames
for his opponents he wrote I believe
he'll be crazy Bernie Sanders vs. sleepy
Joe Biden as the two finalists to run
the guess it's Joe Biden sleepy I don't
know to me he always looks like he's
been up for two days eating cigarettes
and the president has already used
sleepy on Chuck Todd he used it on ben
Carson he used it on Graydon Carter and
he used it on Jeb Bush Trump thinks
anyone who doesn't mainline adderall and
Diet Coke all day is sleeping this is
lazy though this recycling of them to
the nicknames I think Trump might be
losing his touch crazy Bernie and sleepy
Joe and they aren't even mean they sound
like characters in a Bruce Springsteen
song you know I'm always curious about
how the president comes up with these
nicknames we reached out to the west
wing and believe it or not we actually
got a response from a member of Trump's
communication staff that's right guys
yeah we got his fire and he's agreed to
chat with us and I please say hello to
Len Drazen
how are you I'm fine thank you for
talking with us you know why the reason
I contacted you as I was wondering who
comes up with all the nicknames Trump
gives his opponents I do you do okay
great all right so how do you come up
with these nicknames well it's simple I
start with the name and then I give it
the dwarf test what is the dwarf test
well I see if the name works with one of
those seven dwarves
you've got sleepy don't be a grumpy
uh-huh haven't had a sneezy yet yeah no
you haven't
saving that one for better or Rorick Oh
does better will work sneeze a lot does
better sneeze why that's the worst kept
secret in Washington the man has hay
fever now you do okay all right
that's what makes these nicknames so
great I guess so yeah anyhow after I
give it the dwarf test I look for a
classic something like low IQ or crazy
right or sometimes I'll even call
someone wacky Yeah right if I'm feeling
naughty and are you feeling naughty
right now then I am
do you think these nicknames will
actually help Trump win reelection let
me ask you something
how's your friend crooked Hillary
enjoying life in the woods
oh I you know what I don't think she's
enjoying it much at all you're darn
right she isn't thanks to me hey do you
have one question have you been working
on anything for the new guy Pete Buddha
judge Buddha judge to judge nothing
basically funny about the name what as a
matter of fact I've been thinking about
calling him sneaky pete sneaky pete did
you know he's a gay yes I did he's very
open about that about it he is yeah
why why wouldn't he be why wouldn't he
be BB because he's gay
what's the hey already with this stuff
in my day if you were gay you kept that
zipped up alright well thank you so much
for talking to us Len and for shedding
some giving some insight on this don't
mention it
squinty Jim
[Applause]
that's my pirate name hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel click below to subscribe to our
YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though